fix(packages/keystonejs getwebpackconfig.js): include node_modules stylesheets in webpack build (#2860)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/red-poets-heal.md

---
'@keystonejs/app-admin-ui': patch
---

> Packages stylesheets imported in custom pages are kept in production build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated Webpack config so stylesheets imported from node_modules are included in the production build.
```
